README.md, before:

# Sample Hardhat Project

This project demonstrates a basic Hardhat use case. It comes with a contract generated by [OpenZeppelin Wizard](https://wizard.openzeppelin.com/), a test for that contract, and a script that deploys that contract.

## Installing dependencies

```
npm install
```

## Testing the contract

```
npm test
```

## Dev
Start local chain: 
```
npx hardhat node
```

Deploy the contract locally:

```
npx hardhat run --network localhost scripts/deploy.ts

```
Note down the address of `Proxy deployed to 0x...`
Access console: 
```
npx hardhat console --network localhost
```

Create Token: 
```
const BC24 = await ethers.getContractFactory("BC24");
const bc = await BC24.attach("0x8A791620dd6260079BF849Dc5567aDC3F2FdC318");
await bc.createToken("0xf39Fd6e51aad88F6F4ce6aB8827279cffFb92266",'{"placeOfOrigin":"Zurich", "gender":"male", "weight":300, "healthInformation":"healthy", "creationDate":"01-01-2024"}')
```
This will give you a tokenid

Inspect token:

```
await bc.getMetadata(<id>)
```

Set meta data:
```
await bc.setMetadata(<id>, {"placeOfOrigin":"Paris", "gender":"female", "weight":400, "healthInformation":"healthy", "creationDate":"01-01-2024"}' )
```

Delete token:

```
await bc.destroyToken(<id>)
```

Commit message:

added paramaters to functions, added python web3 examples

README.md, after:

# Sample Hardhat Project

This project demonstrates a basic Hardhat use case. It comes with a contract generated by [OpenZeppelin Wizard](https://wizard.openzeppelin.com/), a test for that contract, and a script that deploys that contract.

## Installing dependencies

```
npm install
```

## Testing the contract

```
npm test
```

## Dev
Start local chain: 
```
npx hardhat node
```

Deploy the contract locally:

```
npx hardhat run --network localhost scripts/deploy.ts

```
Note down the address of `Proxy deployed to 0x...`
Access console: 
```
npx hardhat console --network localhost
```

Create Token: 
```
const BC24 = await ethers.getContractFactory("BC24");
const bc = await BC24.attach("0x8A791620dd6260079BF849Dc5567aDC3F2FdC318");
await bc.createToken("0xf39Fd6e51aad88F6F4ce6aB8827279cffFb92266");
await bc.addBreedingInfo(0,"Cow","Zurich","male", 300, "healthy");
```
This will give you a tokenid

Inspect token:

```
await bc.getMetadata(<id>)
```

Set meta data:
```
await bc.setMetadata(<id>, {"placeOfOrigin":"Paris", "gender":"female", "weight":400, "healthInformation":"healthy", "creationDate":"01-01-2024"}' )
```

Delete token:

```
await bc.destroyToken(<id>)
```

## Python web3 calls
I created an additional python file that illustrates the web3 python calls. 

Create venv
```
cd python_script
python -m venv env
source env/bin/activate
```

Install 
```
pip install -r requirements.txt 
```

Make sure 
1) The hardhat local node is running (see above)
2) You deploy the contract (see above)
3) You add the contract address (from step 2) to the python script

Run and enjoy: 
```
python main.py
```
